Update to.md to reflect what min:0 means (#623)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/to.md

## Description

> This field references an Element on the right-hand side of a relationship.   If it is not filled in, it indicates that there are no known relationships of the given type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field references an Element on the right-hand side of a relationship.   If it is not provided, it indicates that there are no known relationships of the given type.
```
